Lerone Matthis: Yeah, I'm working. Yeah, I worked at Safeway.
Shawn Phalen: Oh, OK. OK.
Shawn Phalen: I
Lerone Matthis: Do this really quickly.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, okay. So my name is Shawn and I'm one of the therapists of Breitbart, and I'm just going to ask you some background information. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so tell me what brought you to break hurt. Why did you decide
Lerone Matthis: To use
Us.
Lerone Matthis: I want to
Lerone Matthis: Use
Shawn Phalen: How long have you been with for a
Lerone Matthis: Couple.
Lerone Matthis: Weeks. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: And you're on the Suboxone
Lerone Matthis: Yeah.
Lerone Matthis: Like
Lerone Matthis: The way the way
Lerone Matthis: It is
Lerone Matthis: I didn't, I didn't work, didn't work for me. So I stopped using
Shawn Phalen: Have you talked to the doctor about it not working for you.
Lerone Matthis: I haven't had a chance to talk to the doctor, like
Lerone Matthis: They sent me to a meeting and I guess the doctor.
Lerone Matthis: Say, me too. I guess the doctor wasn't there. So they scheduled me for this mean
Shawn Phalen: What were the side effects, you were having with the Suboxone
Lerone Matthis: Like, like maybe you might feel sick.
Lerone Matthis: It take it, but really it was a it was the main thing was that I didn't, I didn't have
Lerone Matthis: The craving.
Lerone Matthis: For to use OBO it to us.
Lerone Matthis: So I do all day was maybe you down because I didn't get the effect that I need. And it's just a great
Lerone Matthis: You know, I'm still I was still going to withdraw withdraw certain symptoms but and
Lerone Matthis: And but I still didn't
Lerone Matthis: And I wouldn't say get through.
Lerone Matthis: The day
Lerone Matthis: And I tried to take it in modesty and take a little bit better and it didn't work and
Lerone Matthis: So it's just it's just wanted something we're definitely
Shawn Phalen: Still using heroin.
Shawn Phalen: How many, many of the groups have you done
Lerone Matthis: Last week,
Shawn Phalen: Okay, or you can stick with a program or what are you wanting to do
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, I'm still trying. I just want to see if there was something
Lerone Matthis: That was it.
Lerone Matthis: Didn't work.
Shawn Phalen: Is there any way you can hold the phone.
I can't see you.
Lerone Matthis: Yeah. Can you hear me better
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, that's better is really crackling. Okay, okay, okay, is this the first time you tried to get clean
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, well, yeah, really. Yeah, really. This is really would be my first time. Other times within drive through some basic before so
Shawn Phalen: what's motivating you to get clean this time.
Lerone Matthis: I want to have, you know, I want to stay clean my family. I'm a pro right now and
Lerone Matthis: I, you know, I'm going to San Francisco State. And I just want to
Lerone Matthis: Finish, you know, finish school and have us, you know, have to test
Shawn Phalen: So how many years have you been using
Lerone Matthis: Maybe since 2012
Shawn Phalen: Okay, how much it day are you using
Lerone Matthis: About a gram
Okay, injecting
Lerone Matthis: No, that's not okay.
Shawn Phalen: And any mess with that.
Lerone Matthis: No.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Shawn Phalen: Are you okay, are you having to test for probation.
Lerone Matthis: Probation probation.
Lerone Matthis: Parole
Shawn Phalen: Are they testing having you
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, me test me but
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, I just, I'm never I'm never going to know when to stop.
Lerone Matthis: And be in before the test.
Even testing clean
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: I didn't withdrawals right now. You feeling sick.
Yeah, yeah. All right. And you have to go back to work.
Lerone Matthis: Now I'm done for the day. Okay, um,
So,
Shawn Phalen: You had prior era, what happened. How'd you get them for all
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, I went to prison for five years, got on January. Okay. Would you go in for
Lerone Matthis: So,
Okay, so how many, how many times have you been to prison.
Lerone Matthis: Once again,
Shawn Phalen: Okay, and then arrest be multiple arrests.
Lerone Matthis: Have been arrested lot before. Okay, what, what was I want to person. Okay. We imprison
Lerone Matthis: Five and a half years.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: And what about experiencing any depression any society.
Lerone Matthis: My anxiety is I
Lerone Matthis: Do my fear of failing and
Lerone Matthis: And not having success and and not being able to control my body is
Lerone Matthis: You know, I can't get this under control.
Okay. Any depression right now.
Lerone Matthis: No other person. Hey,
Shawn Phalen: Have you had any suicide attempts in the past.
Lerone Matthis: No. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: And is there any history of substance to use in your family.
Shawn Phalen: No siblings that are using nothing with them now.
Shawn Phalen: And are you close to your family.
Lerone Matthis: Yeah.
Lerone Matthis: Okay, so
Shawn Phalen: Who do you live with now.
Lerone Matthis: My girlfriend, my children.
Lerone Matthis: My children.
Are you feeling with any financial issues right now.
Lerone Matthis: No, I've continued to work actually got a job during this, during this this issue as a coven 19
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, I started working maybe like three or four weeks ago.
Okay, that's good.
Work, you know, a lot of people don't have work right now.
Lerone Matthis: Absolutely.
You know,
Lerone Matthis: Yeah.
Lerone Matthis: I know it's rough and so now what I want for the industry that we're still ironing. They are
Shawn Phalen: You wearing a mask.
Lerone Matthis: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Lerone Matthis: Man.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, really good body see
Lerone Matthis: So mean yeah so many man hours.
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, all different rooms.
Lerone Matthis: At 10 and five.
Shawn Phalen: Five and 10 year old live with you.
Yep.
Shawn Phalen: So here's what, here's what I want you to do.
Lerone Matthis: I want you to talk to the doctor that prescribe
Shawn Phalen: Suboxone to remember who was
Lerone Matthis: I forgot his name was like it was almost like three weeks.
Lerone Matthis: Ago guys name. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Can you all
Lerone Matthis: The
Shawn Phalen: Member and Hellman that you need to speak to the doctor.
Lerone Matthis: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: I want you to let the doctor know what's happening for you because they might be able to appear.
Because the Suboxone can work really well.
Shawn Phalen: So instead of like repeating the same cycle that you've been doing, right, with all of this.
You know, we're able to do something different and to do something that's going to work for you.
Lerone Matthis: So if you would call the doctor and explain what's going on, then you know let's address the title to view. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Same thing that you've been doing
Lerone Matthis: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, yeah, and
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, let me just call the numbers. Say, Tom, who you are and that you need to talk to your prescribing doctor
Lerone Matthis: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Are you interested in doing individual therapy at any time.
Lerone Matthis: Sure, I can do. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, let's, let's do this. Let's schedule an appointment for like to make
Lerone Matthis: Sure.
Shawn Phalen: At the same time it are Mondays. Good for you.
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, can do it.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so I'm going to put you for May 11
Shawn Phalen: At 630
Lerone Matthis: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: You're gonna meet with me. Okay.
Lerone Matthis: Okay, and
Shawn Phalen: So yeah, I want you to get this thing figured out for me, me. Okay.
Lerone Matthis: Okay.
Lerone Matthis: Thank you, me, absolutely.
Lerone Matthis: No, no, no, no. That's good.
Shawn Phalen: Right hand there another test that you can do this.
Lerone Matthis: Yeah, I'm definitely
Not easy. All right.
Lerone Matthis: Thank you.